Terms of Service

THIS IS AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT 
(hereinafter "You" or "Your") AND Gizur AB registered in Sweden (hereinafter "Gizur") GOVERNING YOUR USE OF Gizur SaaS services. This Agreement consists of the following terms and conditions (hereinafter the "Terms").

Acceptance of the Terms
You must be of legal age to enter into a binding agreement in order to accept the Terms. If you do not agree to the Terms, do not use any of our Services. You can accept the Terms by checking a checkbox or  clicking on a button indicating your acceptance of the terms or by actually using the Services.

Description of Service
Gizur SaaS ("Service" or "Services") provides vTiger customer relationship management application for businesses. vTiger is an open source application, see www.vtiger.com/crm/public-license/ for its license. The application enables businesses to manage Contacts, Accounts, Campaigns, Sales pipeline, Projects, Inventory, and includes a host of features such as Dashboards, Reports, Access Control, ..etc..  You may use the Services for your personal and business use or for internal business purpose in the organization that you represent. You may connect to the Services using any Internet browser supported by vTiger. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Internet and the equipments necessary to use the Services. You can create and edit content with your user account and if you choose to do so, you can publish and share such content

Subscription to Free Trial
From time to time, we may offer new clients free trial subscription ("Trial") for a limited period of time. You will be under no obligation to acquire a subscription to use any paid Service as a result of your subscription to Trial.

Subscription to Beta Services
We may offer certain Services as closed or open beta services ("Beta Service" or "Beta Services") for the purpose of testing and evaluation. You agree that we have the sole authority and discretion to determine the period of time for testing and evaluation of Beta Services. We will be the sole judge of the success of such testing and the decision, if any, to offer the Beta Services as commercial services. You will be under no obligation to acquire a subscription to use any paid Service as a result of your subscription to any Beta Service. We reserve the right to fully or partially discontinue, at any time and from time to time, temporarily or permanently, any of the Beta Services with or without notice to you. You agree that Gizur will not be liable to you or to any third party for any harm related to, arising out of, or caused by the modification, suspension or discontinuance of any of the Beta Services for any reason.

Modification of Terms of Service
We may modify the Terms upon notice to you at any time. You will be provided notice of any such modification by electronic mail or by publishing the changes on the website terms-of-service. You may terminate your use of the Services if the Terms are modified in a manner that substantially affects your rights in connection with use of the Services. Your continued use of the Service after notice of any change to the Terms will be deemed to be your agreement to the amended Terms.

User Sign up Obligations
You need to sign up for a user account by providing all required information in order to access or use the Services. If you represent an organization and wish to use the Services for corporate internal use, we recommend that you, and all other users from your organization, sign up for user accounts by providing your corporate contact information. In particular, we recommend that you use your corporate email address. You agree to: a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the sign up process; and b) maintain and promptly update the information provided during sign up to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete, or if Gizur has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete, Gizur may terminate your user account and refuse current or future use of any or all of the Services.

Personal Information and Privacy
Gizur takes your privacy seriously. Gizur SaaS is hosted in Amazons cloud infrastructure with backup and security enabled. You are responsible for maintaining confidentiality of your username, password and other sensitive information. You are responsible for all activities that occur in your user account and you agree to inform us immediately of any unauthorized use of your user account by email to admin@gizur.com or by calling us on any of the numbers listed on our contact page. We are not responsible for any loss or damage to you or to any third party incurred as a result of any unauthorized access and/or use of your user account, or otherwise.

Communications from Gizur
The Service may include certain communications from Gizur, such as service announcements, administrative messages and newsletters. You understand that these communications shall be considered part of using the Services. As part of our policy to provide you total privacy.

Fees and Payments
After your free trial period ends, and at the end of each Gizur SaaS subscription period, subscriptions are automatically renewed and billed to the credit card entered in the Gizur SaaS Billing section. You can discontinue this subscription at any time through the aforementioned Billing section. Cancellations that are made prior to the end of any subscription period will stop the automatic renewal of your Gizur SaaS subscription at the end of the subscription period. Your account will remain active until the end of the subscription period that has already been paid for. No refunds can be issued for the unused portion of any subscription period that has already been paid for. We reserve the right to modify subscription fees and to charge for the use of Services that are currently available free of charge. You will not be charged for using any Service unless you have opted-in for a paid subscription plan.

Restrictions on Use
In addition to all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shall not: (i) transfer or otherwise make available to any third party the Services; (ii) provide any service based on the Services without prior written permission; (iii) use the third party links to sites without agreeing to their website terms & conditions; (iv) post links to third party sites or use their logo, company name, etc. without their prior written permission; or (v) use the Services for spamming and other illegal purposes.

Spamming and Illegal Activities
You agree to be solely responsible for the contents of your transmissions through the Services. You agree not to use the Services for illegal purposes or for the transmission of material that is unlawful, defamatory, harassing, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, pornographic, obscene, or is otherwise objectionable, offends religious sentiments, promotes racism, contains viruses, or that which infringes or may infringe intellectual property or other rights of another. You agree not to use the Services for the transmission of "junk mail", "spam", "chain letters", "phishing" or unsolicited mass distribution of email. We reserve the right to terminate your access to the Services if there are reasonable grounds to believe that you have used the Services for any illegal or unauthorized activity.

Inactive User Accounts Policy
We reserve the right to terminate unpaid user accounts that are inactive for a continuous period of 30 days. In the event of such termination, all data associated with such user account will be deleted. We will provide you prior notice of such termination and backup of your data by email.  In case of accounts with more than one user, if at least one of the users is active, the account will not be considered inactive.

Data Ownership
We respect your right to ownership of content created or stored by you. You own the content created or stored by you. Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Services does not grant Gizur or any of its partners the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the content created by you or stored in your user account for Gizur's commercial, marketing or any similar purpose. But you grant Gizur permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, publicly display and publicly perform the content of your user account solely as required for the purpose of providing the Services to you.

User Generated Content
You may transmit or publish content created by you using our Services. However, you shall be solely responsible for such content and the consequences of its transmission or publication.  You are responsible for ensuring that you do not accidentally make any private content publicly available. In the course of using the Services, if you come across any content with copyright notice(s) or any copy protection feature(s), you agree not to remove such copyright notice(s) or disable such copy protection feature(s) as the case may be. By making any copyrighted/copyrightable content available on any of the Services you affirm that you have the consent, authorization or permission, as the case may be from every person who may claim any rights in such content to make such content available in such manner. Further, by making any content available in the manner aforementioned, you expressly agree that Gizur will have the right to block access to or remove such content made available by you, if Gizur receives complaints concerning any illegality or infringement of third party rights in such content. By using any of the Services and transmitting or publishing any content using such Service, you expressly consent to determination of questions of illegality or infringement of third party rights in such content by the agent designated by Gizur for this purpose. If you wish to file a complaint, regarding the violation of copyrights, you can send an email to legal@gizur.com

Sample files and Applications
Gizur may provide sample data and files for the purpose of demonstrating the possibility of using the Services effectively for specific purposes. The information contained in any such sample files and applications consists of random data. Gizur makes no warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy, usefulness, completeness or reliability of the information or the sample files and applications.

Trademark
Gizur, Gizur logo, Gizur SaaS are trademarks of Gizur. You agree not to display or use, in any manner, the Gizur trademarks, without Gizur's prior permission.

Disclaimer of Warranties
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS-AND-AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. Gizur EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Gizur MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR VIRUS FREE. USE OF ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, MOBILE TELEPHONE, WIRELESS DEVICE OR DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM Gizur, ITS EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS. 

Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT Gizur SHALL, IN NO EVENT, BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER OR FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER FAILURE, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER LOSS ARISING OUT OF OR CAUSED BY YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, EVEN IF Gizur HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH Gizur RELATED TO ANY OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE TERMINATION OF SUCH SERVICE. IN NO EVENT SHALL Gizur's ENTIRE LIABILITY TO YOU IN RESPECT OF ANY SERVICE, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY YOU TOWARDS SUCH SERVICE.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Gizur, its officers, directors, employees, suppliers, and affiliates, from and against any losses, damages, fines and expenses (including attorney's fees and costs) arising out of or relating to any claims that you have used the Services in violation of another party's rights, in violation of any law, in violations of any provisions of the Terms, or any other claim related to your use of the Services, except where such use is authorized by Gizur.

Governing Law
This contract is govern by the laws of Sweden. Any disputes will be resolved in public court in Gothenburg.

Suspension and Termination
We may suspend your user account or temporarily disable access to whole or part of any Service in the event of any suspected illegal activity, extended periods of inactivity or requests by law enforcement or other government agencies. Objections to suspension or disabling of user accounts should be made to legal@gizur.com within thirty days of being notified about the suspension. We may terminate a suspended or disabled user account after thirty days. We will also terminate your user account on your request. In addition, we reserve the right to terminate your user account and deny the Services upon reasonable belief that you have violated the Terms and to terminate your access to any Beta Service in case of unexpected technical issues or discontinuation of the Beta Service. Termination of user account will include denial of access to all Services, deletion of information in your user account such as your e-mail address and password and deletion of all data in your user account.
